# Introduction

## :trophy: A1.1 Learning activity

- Requirements specification documentation and the IEEE830 Standard

---
### :pencil2: Development

1. Prepare the document referred to in the template indicated by the consultant.

    #### :page_facing_up: [Web link to the document of software requerements specification](https://e-smt.atlassian.net/l/c/cHAucgfC)
    #### :open_file_folder: [Local link to the document of software requerements specification](../pdf/A2.1_Documentation&RequiSpeci_EldenCruz.pdf)

2. Include individual conclusions.

    - Cruz Vera Elden Humberto
    > In my opinion this activity was somewhat simple to do, personally I think that most of the points to develop from the IEEE 830 template were quite clear to understand. There was one or two exceptions, but thanks to the example document it was able to solve most of our doubts. Any other issues that we did not know about were resolved during the activity. One consideration to take from this activity is that it was quite long, so it required some time to complete it, and we also had to translate it into English.

    - Perales Niebla Abner Jesus
    > In this activity we compiled work previously done, some was improved and others were re-structured. This semester I have been studying IEEE standards for other subjects, but nevertheless, this is the first time I really see their importance. Well, applying it to a project that you understand and that you understand you will do, gives you the picture of how useful it is, as it allows us to explain to the client in a modulated, direct and not too technical way, the What will be done? What will not be done? With what tool?

    - Piña Meza Oscar Andres
    > The development of this activity considered that it was very necessary for the progress of the project, implementing the IEEE standard, we made a document to consolidate the information previously made, adding some more sections such as the system requirements. Previously, there was work on the development of these documents, so it was a little easier to contribute ideas to the team and in collaboration we were able to conclude with a well-presented document. It seems important to me to define the requirements in this document and for the client to sign it so that they do not have any problem of large changes, thanks to this I can realize the importance of a good analysis and documentation and not just development .

    - Ramirez Cervantes Cesar Manuel
    > For this activity we determine all those requirements, requirements and restrictions necessary and not so necessary for our system to work in the most efficient way possible and complying with the client's request.We focus on what is required in the system to meet our goal, to have all the tools for the certification of a company's personnel.We also perform the cost analysis that implies all the requirements we need for the system.

    - Morgado Jacome Eduardo
    > I had never made an SRS (Software Requirements Specification) document and I did not know of its existence, and I think it is good that I can continue learning new things in my career that will surely serve me in the future. The fact that there is a document which stipulates from the general description of the project, the constraints, roles and even the functional and non-functional requirements of a project in a "standard" helps any software engineer to understand the whole picture of a project in a single document, as it currently works as for example in the UML diagramming, a unified language for any software analyst and developer.

### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria     | Description                                                                                  | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Each of the points indicated within the instruction section are fulfilled?            | 10      |  | 5 |
| Development    | Each of the points requested within the development of the activity are answered?     | 60      |
| Demostration  | The student was present during the explanation of the functionality of the activity?            | 20      |
| Conclusions  | Does it include a personal opinion of the activity done by all of the team members? | 10      |

:house: [Go to home](../readme.md)

##### :open_file_folder: [Direct link to the repository on GitHub - Eduardo Morgado Jacome](https://github.com/EduardoMJ99/AnalisisAvanzadoSoft_2021-1) :open_file_folder:

##### :open_file_folder: [Direct link to the repository on GitHub - Abner Jesús Perales Niebla](https://github.com/AbnerPerales19/AnalisisAvanzadoDeSoftware_AbnerPerales) :open_file_folder:

##### :open_file_folder: [Direct link to the repository on GitHub - Elden Humberto Cruz Vera](https://github.com/CruzVeraEldenHumberto/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software-Cruz-Vera) :open_file_folder:

##### :open_file_folder: [Direct link to the repository on GitHub - Oscar Andes Piña Meza](https://github.com/oscarpm96/Analisis-Avanzado-16210567.git) :open_file_folder:

##### :open_file_folder: [Direct link to the repository on GitHub - Cesar Manuel Ramírez Cervantes](https://github.com/CMRamirezC/Analisis_Avanzado-_Software_Ramirez_Cervantes.git) :open_file_folder: