# Introduction

## :trophy: A3.1 Learning activity

Documentation of the project using the scrum framework for the initiation phase.

---

### :pencil2: Development

1. Develop the vision statement document, integrating a section for:
   +  The business case, including introduction, goals and scope, business modeling, requirements and constraints, milestone listing.
   +  Identification of roles such as the product owner, the scrum master and stakeholder, the scrum team.
   +  The project budget.

    ##### :page_facing_up: [Web link to the documentation of initiation phase of scrum](https://e-smt.atlassian.net/l/c/muJ1u0TV)
        
    ##### :open_file_folder: [Local link to the documentation of initiation phase of scrum](../pdf/A3.1_ProjectVision.pdf)

2. Include individual conclusions.

    - Cruz Vera Elden Humberto
    > I found this activity quite interesting because of certain things we had to consider during the development of the activity. The first one is that we are using the agile methodology known as SCRUM for the development, something else to consider is the fact that we are using Confluence to detail the information of the activity. Our team had previously worked with this software, but I think the experience compared to the other teams will be different because of this. Finally, it should be noted that some of the information was already written in other documents of past activities, which speeded up the development of the document.

    - Perales Niebla Abner Jesus
    > For the development of some points of this practice we rely on the work done previously. Some documents were reused and others were modified based on the teacher's feedback and the aspects of the project we were focusing on. Regarding the environment where the document was developed (Confluence), it offers us many advantages. Although we worked in the collaborative mode of Visual Studio Code and could work at the same time the whole team, there were aspects that did affect us, such as images, only the owner of the document could see them, the others only a broken link. In Confluence we can all see the images that are uploaded and the creation and manipulation of tables is much simpler and safer, since in Markdown there was still conflict with tables.

    - Piña Meza Oscar Andres
    > I found this activity interesting, as I knew the development of the constitutional acts but not the project vision for the Scrum framework. I consider that it is quite similar unlike the impact mapping but I learned how to develop these points applied in this work, performing this activity with the Confluence tool facilitated the realization with a template and reusing some points of the charter, it is a little uncertain for the completion times of the project as I consider them a bit rushed.

    - Ramirez Cervantes Cesar Manuel
    > Basically, in this activity, we took up again what we have done in several past activities to complement and rethink important aspects of the project using the great confluence tool that has been with us from the beginning. <br> The highlight of this activity was the impact mapping where we determined what we are developing this project for, which people are involved and what we are going to do to fulfill the objective.

    - Morgado Jacome Eduardo
    > Previously I have worked with Scrum in the realization of my school projects, but with the material taught by the teacher, as well as the development of this activity made me realize that Scrum is not go directly to develop requirements, program and iterate; there is a phase, called start or initiation, which stipulates the direction of the project and what it plans to achieve, such as objectives, scope, benefits, among others. Particularly the development of the impact mapping seemed very useful to me, since quickly with a simple diagram, you can determine the purpose of the project, what characters exist in the business, what impact it will have and what will be developed to fulfill it, is a tool that I plan to use from now on my future projects.
___

### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria     | Description                                                                                  | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Each of the points indicated within the instruction section are fulfilled?            | 10      |  | 5 |
| Development    | Each of the points requested within the development of the activity are answered?     | 60      |
| Demostration  | The student was present during the explanation of the functionality of the activity?            | 20      |
| Conclusions  | Does it include a personal opinion of the activity done by all of the team members? | 10      |

:house: [Go to home](../README.md)

##### :open_file_folder: [Direct link to the repository on GitHub - Eduardo Morgado Jacome](https://github.com/EduardoMJ99/AnalisisAvanzadoSoft_2021-1) :open_file_folder:

##### :open_file_folder: [Direct link to the repository on GitHub - Abner Jesús Perales Niebla](https://github.com/AbnerPerales19/AnalisisAvanzadoDeSoftware_AbnerPerales) :open_file_folder:

##### :open_file_folder: [Direct link to the repository on GitHub - Elden Humberto Cruz Vera](https://github.com/CruzVeraEldenHumberto/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software-Cruz-Vera) :open_file_folder:

##### :open_file_folder: [Direct link to the repository on GitHub - Oscar Andes Piña Meza](https://github.com/oscarpm96/Analisis-Avanzado-16210567.git) :open_file_folder:

##### :open_file_folder: [Direct link to the repository on GitHub - Cesar Manuel Ramírez Cervantes](https://github.com/CMRamirezC/Analisis_Avanzado-_Software_Ramirez_Cervantes.git) :open_file_folder: